In this section, I'll introduce you to Globomantics,
a global provider of NBA, or the National Basketball Association,
trivia.
Globomantics needs to keep NBA fans happy by keeping current
with constantly-updated trivia about the sport,
its players, and a lot of interesting NBA trivia on a global scale.
They're having some business problems that we can solve for
them using AWS Glue and Amazon Athena.
Let's look at Globomantics' business problems now.
Globomantics is a global provider of NBA trivia.
They need to merge together large volumes of data from various
disparate data sources and differing data formats from around the globe
into one secure cost-effective storage location.
Globomantics is experiencing tremendous growth,
thus the storage location needs to be infinitely scalable.
Their developers are stretched thin,
and they're already overloaded with mundane tasks just to
keep the data managed as best they can.
Globomantics is looking for an automated way to discover,
categorize, clean, enrich,
and move just the data needed at any given moment from the source
data to the destination location while performing ETL on the fly for
subsequent advanced types of analytics,
including machine learning and artificial intelligence,
in addition to traditional business intelligence
analysis on historical datasets.
Globomantics wants to ensure that no data,
no matter what the structure,
isn't siloed across the globe for various teams to work on.
In addition,
Globomantics wants one clear picture of all company data in one place.
Let's look at the data we'll be using in this course.
First, we're going to populate a relational database, Amazon Aurora.
Then we'll bring in semi-structured datasets in CSV format.
We'll then have Glue crawlers crawl both of these data
sources to populate a Glue Data Catalog.
This will show you how the Data Catalog holds any type of data that exists,
regardless of structure, format, or data types together in one place.
In the next module,
we'll begin to build the infrastructure and configure the data
requirements that will be used throughout this course. See you there.